new XCX mods, New Donkey Kong mods (#647)
cemu-project/cemu_graphic_packs: src/XenobladeChroniclesX/Workarounds/BrightnessOLD/rules.txt

Reviewer: Maybe for future improvements it would be nice to merge this into the existing graphic pack with a toggleable mode.

Author: I was planning on at some later point, but for right now I think its fine to just have it as 2 gfx till I figure out how to merge them

[Definition]
titleIds = 0005000010116100,00050000101C4C00,00050000101C4D00
name = OLD Brightness Workaround
path = "Xenoblade Chronicles X/Workarounds/Brightness OLD"

> description = Old version of the brightness work arround.|The new version is *significantly* more accurate to Wii U but currently does not support gamma, glare, or lift modification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = Old version of the brightness workaround.|The new version is *significantly* more accurate to Wii U but currently does not support gamma, glare, or lift modification.
```
